  Do you think humanities and liberal arts are necessary in modern society? Some may think it's wrong. But it is a wrong idea.
The development of digital technology and social media has made individualism bigger and bigger in modern society. Individualism is growing bigger and more indifferent to each other.
  Therefore, empathy for each other has become important in modern society. The humanities play an important role in empathy for each other and prevent individualism from getting worse. The humanities also help solve problems that cannot be solved by scientific methods. Values also show a big difference because people have different environments and experiences in which they grew up. This is difficult to solve with scientific methods, but the humanities make it possible. Lastly, the humanities allow us to think differently from artificial intelingence(AI) by asking questions about what we do. As AI develops, humans are gradually replaced, and humans lose their identity. At this time, the humanities allow humans to think differently from AI by asking questions that require human experiences, etc. which AI cannot simply analyze based on data. Therefore, the humanities are important.
  Liberal arts is an educational system that you cannot learn with your major in college, and it aims to cultivate basic knowledge and attitudes. It is a necessary study to become an intellectual, and it is necessary to enhance one's insight. Insight is the ability to analyze your surroundings effectively and accurately, which helps you stick to your opinions without being swayed by others' opinions. It helps to improve perspectives and opinions so that you can see the world more clearly. This is why liberal arts is also important.
  As such, the humanities and liberal arts are essential disciplines for one's life. Let's find out how these disciplines adapt to modern society. With technology rapidly developing and cutting-edge technologies such as AI deeply affecting human life, the humanities and liberal arts are the foundation for learning and making proper use of these skills. Humanities and liberal arts adapt to these modern societies because modern technology cannot completely replace human judgment and creative thinking yet.
  Humanities and liberal arts still play important roles in our lives to this day. But we don't know much about it. We should be alert about this.